Premise of the game: A cat runs back and forth on the screen and collects treats 
that fall from the sky. The cat must avoid incoming dogs and collect enough treats
(and thus, points) to win in a given amount of time. For the purpose of this demonstration,
that time is set to 10 seconds, but can be changed in the initialization of the
timer object.

Three rules of play:
The cat cannot run into the dog.
The cat moves at a given rate. 
The cat has a given amount of time to acquire points.

Keyboard inputs:
Left arrow moves the cat left.
Right arrow moves the cat right.
Up arrow has the cat jump. 
Space bar pauses the game. 
Q quits the game, while h displays the help window.

Visual display:
A cat (the player) will run back and forth on the screen and 
yarn will fall from the sky for the player to collect. 
Occasionally, a dog will run across the screen that the player will have to
dodge by jumping over it. Collecting yarn will gain points, 
while running into a dog will have you lose points. 

GUI interface:
The current score and remaining time are displayed on the screen.
The score will be displayed, as well as whether or not you win or lose, 
once time is up. 

Win or lose condition:
Once time is up, it checks how many points you have. 
If you have at least 500 points, you win. If you have less, you lose. 

Classes:
The cat class is the player and has the functionality of moving right, left, and jumping.
The yarn class can fall from the sky.
The dog class moves across the screen.
The timer class keeps track of the time. 

Extra credit:
Pause screen: The game can be paused by pressing the space button. 
Pressing the space button again resumes the game, while pressing q quits the game.
Animated sprites: We used Vanessa's sprite (the cat).

Unexpected challenges:
The main challenge was getting the sprite to not lag, but
was accomplished with Professor Abraham's advice.

Splitting the work:
Vanessa provided the artwork (yarn, dog, and cat classes, as 
well as the background for the start, gameOver, and play screens.
She also implemented the cat sprite class.
Jing implemented the dog and yarn classes.
Susan implemented the interphase.

